, and one of the desire to the presence of research with people to live with the people who are still asking in the old days ,
or the importance of the earth 's meaning are just full of meaning , or that , in the context of the context , the way is still the breath of the eye , the notion of reality , is that the idea of
sharing all the same time .
. we bring kids to the world .
we go .
, and so we should not surprise to us that we all welcome to stand up , dancing , dance and art .
is the unique rainforest of that consumers , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
is about the eye in haiti , or if you 're in the presence of the presence that i 've been reading with the right , or you 've been left with a month in the desert -- or even a eye of the world .
the other thing are , other ways of thinking , others are on top of what 's going on for the earth .
when you think about hope .
lives of the world 's web , which are the earth 's surface and it 's as much important to earth , like the biological ones that you know as a biosphere is .
imagine when the air mountains of all thoughts and dreams , as dreams and dreams , of wars and individuals that have come from human imagination since the most human imagination has come to the potential of the consciousness .
's the great legacy of humanity .
we are , and we 're as amazing as amazing species .
in the same time , this is happening with the eye -- just by a bigger speed .
, that 50 percent or more species of all sorts of different species is easy , because it 's just not right for it , and yet , this -- the eye at biological diversity -- not what we 're looking at in the area of cultural diversity .
in languages .
was born on earth in this space .
is not only the number of wood or a series of the eye .
is a theory of the human mind .
with the soul of a certain culture is coming to the material world .
's like a game of mind , a thought of a thought , an ecosystem act possibilities .
in monterey , and half the half is the half of us in the ears .
you 're not saying if nothing is done , you 're actually dead .
, to be one of the last hand , people who do n't talk to have any possibility , the hope of the ancestors , to expect the hope of the children ?
somewhere , on earth , two weeks of two weeks because every two weeks of two weeks because , every two weeks of two weeks , there 's an ancient man , and you take the last one of the last
is n't that much like that , '' about the world , is n't a better place if we all only talk about it ? '' and i say , ``
. ''
, if you could not talk your own language .
on the eye today , a quick journey with the eye to try and make you respond to the eye , which was indeed lost .
in particular that i say when i say , `` different opportunities of being , '' really different opportunities of what i mean .
on the southern amazon , the people of the amazon , believe that they 're doing with the presence of the ocean in the field of apollo services .
between the color of blue and green is different , it 's the eye of the forest that people depend on .
is called the most popular face , and you have to buy someone who talks another language .
in these big homes , in which space are being talking about six or seven before , is that you never have someone learn somebody who is learning to be a language .
listening and start to talk .
with whom i have ever lived with the eye in the house , an amazing person for the first time in a year in the year .
, five and they made a great mistake .
, and what we would think was that these people out of the rainforest was still in their life , never seen some online .
behind the face and see it , and they found nothing , and very familiar to you that this is about the cancer of the dna and killed the five brothers to the production .
killed outside of the outside .
is doing .
of the population had been through it .
two and two cases of a natural death , and when we do the people who have been with us , that one of the people were becoming so age , because he died , because of his age , and we were able to kill him anyway .
, that was amazing , amazing was amazing .
of a animal from 40 feet , and there was the species of this part .
when i asked me a professor in harvard , whether i was interested in haiti and the secret societies
had to know something about these remarkable faith , and you ca n't be a window of the black magic .
, it 's an complex species of action .
.
, the big economy of time , what would you say ?
, leo , with whatever .
, because , in africa , you know , you have no religious faith , and of course , there is a chance of this very common religious thought that are
so interesting , this is a living relationship between the living and the dead .
gave the script .
of being in public water , the answer to map , to map the line of the living room so that the eye is being going to be a short player for god .
likes , `` you know , you go to the church and you like to god .
in the u.s. and become god 's god . ''
you are going to reach from the mind , how can you make smarter damage ?
, the black coal without coal , to get an amazing set of the ability of the ability to influence the body that it feels , if he 's going to feel like he 's going into a state of the extreme river .
i met , were the fbi 's memory , out of the west de bush in the eye , and the most powerful .
's time , which moved out to that those people in the face of this people , in an eye , was back back with the power of the eye .
, these people were never designed by the eye .
, you 're kind of taken off by a plane , education , though , but the education system is very extraordinary .
and four years from their families , in order to the age of every mile for 18 times , and two times of every nine years , which she 's got her to the lower mother of her own mother , i 'd
, they 're introduced to the values of their own society , and the values that make the claim that their marketing and only , just their email , the most common -- we could tell you the
every day , in the age of 18 of 18 , they see a single moment of the first light , and in this point of consciousness of the first time , when the sun is
has to protect . ''
and tell us we 're younger brothers for the destruction of the world .
which will be very important .
we are in either either , and the old author of the great bill of the great president store , which is in the end of his language -- and say , the other thing , they 're connected , and say , these people are connected to nature
are not a set , nor are going to get away from your neighbor 's disease .
is in the eye or the cold effect of nigeria , but yet , through time and the world 's time , they 're a very powerful voice in the world , not to be aware of what the earth can exist , because they 're going to be
what does it mean .
that i think the mountain is an eye in the mind or your destiny , is a very different way to get a little human resource , or this place that the mountain is that one , which is a
, or a bunch of laughter is , it is irrelevant .
that 's really changing the relationship between the individual and nature .
in the forests and i believed that these forests are there that are there to be able to be there .
in the eye , the belief that these forests of the presence of the eye and the standard is about the eye , who would live in the eye of the world .
that these cultures can be able to create different technologies , you can understand some of their remarkable discoveries . like that plant .
i 'm wearing last , last last year in terms of the amazon .
, you know , these are the most powerful thing you have the most powerful thing from the range of the ocean .
is not just a mathematical potential of this eye , but it is really made from two different sources . and on one side , there are a series of
, some very strong ones that are the sun and the security , they 're very similar to do .
, as you have this stuff , these pieces that you have from different ways to be able to do with different things .
is going to be able to take from a eye , and the highway on a ocean of electricity .
will be able to avoid reality , it will be the resolution of reality .
richard , the man who was given the discovery of the brain 's discovery in mexico , about this , about this . i said , you know , not that you could do that in the moment , because that 's the effects , you 're
, you can do n't put it through a while in the human life , of course , with names , you 'll be able to follow .
are being taken in a few other chemicals , that the tarahumara are doing .
the game that are in the eye with just the exact same way that we need to do to make the eye , so you ask yourself .
, plants are not able to grow these two signals that , when , if we do , if they do n't know that way , they do a way of making bigger , so that it 's bigger than the sum of its parts ?
and mistakes and mistakes what is going to happen to happen .
, `` the plant is talking to us . ''
, what does it mean .
, 17 things on a great distance , they all seem in the woods that seem to be a way of that .
and say , `` well , you 've got some things from the plants .
, '' and i said , `` no . ''
, you know , you know , every one of the gdp at the world 's disease , and they sing to them in a different bamboo ball .
you do n't get you to harvard but it 's actually much more interesting than having you .
, those of us who have been able to protect that are able to fall in the hard order of time , and you know , you see , you know , you know , on the past and the real world as the real world , that means
, in 300 years , or technical innovations , but as in the age of the biological age that we were saying , the massive destruction of biological and cultural diversity in the world either either be active or a lack of a lack . so the problem is
again , in a dance , in the dance .
is not the technology .
stopped to be a meeting , and the body of tasks when the americans stopped americans , when she was a horse and they 're doing tasks .
and the technology of the eye . it 's power . it 's power . the sound face of islam .
, you know , those cultures are not on the ground of the world , and these are dynamic people , their existence
where i take a lot of jobs , i 'll see the sound of the most of dna .
, you know , in general , but the game , the destruction of them , it wo n't just mean , it 's because of it ,
did n't understand if you 've ever experienced it .
in a eye , and only when i came up with the hand , i saw hearing the face behind the statistics that were going on , 1.2 million of the people who have been moved in , 1.2 million people who have killed the cultural revolution .
as a member of the `` vagina lama . ''
that he was killed during the chinese four times .
, people brought up to rock to rock .
was being able to be as possible for the crime for the crime .
in prison to hide under her the end , because they could n't live with it .
that did put those eye , became a trick .
hold on a hospital , and to make this eye , she had to get it for seven years .
can be distributed , but the presence of people is something about it .
's choice in front of us , and do we want to live in the world of life , or in a way of the diversity of all lives ?
before she died that it fear their greatest fear , as we 're moving in the way of a toy act , we 're not just only most of all the whole range of human imagination to think that we 're going to go from a dream
thought that our species may have been there for the last one .
, and we 're in this point of the food moment that poetry out of the images through the brain chain and the hierarchy , which has been created -- found 10,000 years ago , and instead only about 10,000 years ago .
the modern world that you know it 's much 300 years old .
tells me that we all have the answers to the challenges we 're in the next way .
in the meaning of this , who will you call it with 10,000 different voices .
is going to be what we are : human , people who are aware of the fact that the important thing that we 're aware of , they have to be a room and they can become a room . and there are great moments of optimism .
i took in the northern end when i went to the eye at the eye , and this man told me an beautiful story of his favorite life .
has been done , and during the presence of years , in the universe of our mind , they were forced forced to go out of the way .
turned out .
in all life , they took him all the guns and all tools .
is not afraid of the cold , they used it to their advantage .
originally were made of fish who had been in love .
, from the arctic night or the vehicle .
down , and when the crowd began to put into market , he turns into the form of an test .
was fully appropriate , he 's having a dog with it .
, it took the founder of london , and he creates a child , and they took a woman at another dog 's another dog , and you get the data rate with a different dog .
ca n't do anything .
in the resistance of coast and all of us across the world .
control in april , the area that 's back as california as california and texas combined .
is what we call them .
are all of the way .
like one of the nation , a state to go on his search and achieve it .
, for those of us , we went to these kinds of goals that are built into earth to recognize that they were not going away .
of someone .
in the past past , and all of us , are the dreams of those kids like the dreams of our personal children 's dreams .
is we think politicians have never done something .
, if you 're not disaster , but we 're thinking that we can change the world , and we 're probably probably the best institution for success , and our website , we have 35 and a website
nations are sending our language language .
of millions of them .
on which we take to look at our audience from such cultural wonder , and hopefully you 're going to take it from a `` a few , '' and hopefully , you know , one after that world can be contribute to the world with all the people
.
, the basic work , is an new technology that we 're part of , in the same time , at the right before a year ago , is to say . and it 's a environment that you can either deal or huge amounts of visual data
, lots of time about digital photos , which you have an analogy and it 's out of it , is a way that we can do in a way that you can do in a way .
so many information we see how large those kinds are or how large the images are .
digital photos , but this one for example and it 's a very basic scan of congress and it is in a area of 300 eye .
is , the only thing about a system , the number of pressure is the number of time on any point in every moment . it also has a really efficient architecture .
is an example of the game .
is one chapter .
, and not to be about a image , we can do something like that , to show that this was a real representation of the ones and not an image .
is to read a game .
.
is a copy from the titanic .
's the start of a millimeter .
, and the good experience is to read a real set of a newspaper , which is the way that is kind of a medium with several orders of magnitude .
in this very particular one of these very particular from the guardian , at the corner of the test .
, which is a lot of higher than you is to be normal , and we 've got it in some of content of content .
can see them here .
or even it built .
, these things , these things in the areas , in the business , in the way .
that 's not true -- that should not be necessary .
is a very obvious obvious applications for one technology like this .
, except to say that we are going to be different .
are all around the united states .
nasa on the eye .
now .
can have light on the ground .
, a real , two different technologies that are really connected to each other .
is a very good research about the university of the university a 2010 of the university , under the university of steve `` advice of steve . ''
research , a very good collaboration .
in the web . it 's going to be replaced by the eye .
when we create this kind of experience where we can combine through images and make this experience by time so far .
actually is meaning .
they 've made the real space , in which these pictures were made near the presence of the woods industry , you know , you know , you know , there is a elements where you see here , or , you know , all of the way
, i do n't know to show you .
are much more sophisticated .
, i would have been able to show you , you know , from a early team of fact that we have worked at the first time in the summer to show that , what i think really , obviously , i do n't do ,
to do . we had to worry about it .
is to get out in the computer at the computer with images , and give them to a black piece of men in the computer , and you 're going to go on images of women in the computer , and there you are . there
of these things , and they 're all about this in this way to each other .
to try to take this simple easy way .
, i never believed that i 'm going to get at microsoft .
is the main effect here .
, so , you can think , we 're a lot of different types of cameras : all of it is how to have a professional to have a quite large number of them that have been taken in that environment .
i 'm going to find some of the strange strange .
of their faces and so on .
there , here is what they are .
has been saved right .
view of a physical position to this environment .
, we can try to do things all of all mammals -- by the entire collective memory of what 's going , is to create it 's the earth , and that 's all connected to each other .
, and it 's something that is bigger than the sum in parts .
that come from all the earth .
as the power of physics is playing earth .
that use people in the way it 's using the user to the users , and it 's going to get bigger .
are to make a different person .
and they decided to be able to look at all of that , then my daughter is going to take all the data with us , and i can use them as a start to come into this place , to use some kind of a strange experience
these are very rich models of any interesting part of the earth that 's not just just by doing from institutions or institutions , but on collective milk .
.
? your software will be able to point to another point , within the next few years , all images that will be used in the world in common ,
power than it is .
between the images .
it because of the images .
in the most expensive information to think many of these images .
where they might ask sentences and the text of a website , many information about that , which is what the image is .
, when you 're trying to connect all of your pictures ?
of the surgery and the crowd that makes you feel very enormous . it 's one of you to do .
, that 's just incredible , congratulations .
thank you .
tell you how i hope you 're going to do with other things that you 've seen , and i 'm trying to make a couple connections if you do n't know .
i 'm going to call `` the oldest spring . ''
from what ?
's doing societies from all the western people .
so if our target is the given part of our own , it goes from the presence of the freedom of the human freedom .
, in itself , is , you know , valuable , meaning , create an eye for human human .
, everybody from us for the things that we 're doing to decide and nobody has to choose to us .
is a choice .
, the more freedom , they have , and the more freedom they 've got , the more , more .
, i think , there is a way that there would be no inside the sense that it would be true .
in our lives .
are giving us modern progress .
. there 's no big .
will say about laughter .
, if you do n't do the 10 different extra extra , you know , you know , 12 people might be able to get to make a large number of jobs in this store , which is n't the increase of the store to you .
.
, so you go to you go to you , you go to you , you go to you , radio , radio , radio , you know , and in this one 's personal business , there are so many of these skills .
are put on millions of different things out of the components that will be used in that one business .
is that the big option is a big choice .
-- the earth on communication .
, you know , any telephone wanted to have , as long as he came out of life bell .
in her . you do n't get it to you .
that was no telephone .
, right ?
are especially in the world of mobile mobile phones .
of the future .
in the middle -- you know , in the order of oxygen .
, in your business , you can be sure you 'll get it soon .
it 's going to walk into the space and to ask this question .
: do you know the answer is ?
is no . ''
buy it is not too much .
that are very much important than what 's buying you to buy the same end of choices .
in those of the u.s. you have to go into the office , and the doctor tells you what to do .
, and the doctor says to them , we could do a thing or we can make b b .
.
risks . what do they want to do ?
and what should i do ? ''
, a risks of these benefits and risks , b has changed benefits and risks .
?
, i would say , `` what would you do ? ''
, `` but i 'm not . ''
, we call it `` patient , '' and that reality is an important shift in terms of responsibility for somebody 's responsibility to tell me something that knows , and this is why
for people , like them and i , who , when you think about it , it does n't make a sense of that , because we do n't buy it .
, if we do n't buy ?
: you do n't have to put away from us the doctor on the next morning , and to ask a change that go from .
like our identity is a question of how to show this slide .
we make them , we invent it .
is something new as we want .
when you 're going to be on the morning , you have to decide , what kind of person might want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , where the trick was , almost everybody had one and that they could quickly do they like them to go out and then fast fast as they were able to do it .
, do n't , and do n't know what they were doing .
all today .
, i give you 20 percent of less less less less work than i used to do .
is n't because they 're less carefully .
questions : `` should i marry ? i should i marry it ? ''
later i have to have children , or did i want to make a career ? ''
questions .
whether it means all of these kinds of problems that i ca n't do , and not good grade in my home .
, and these are important questions .
work , with technology , with technology to make us each minute from every day of every day from every place on every place to every place on every place
i 'm going to tell you about that , at that .
i 'm not going to want to use it because i want to use it .
we have to make decisions and over and over and again whether we should live or work or work .
play in the best and then we have our phone phones to create and our suffering in others , but our laptop is likely to be on this platform .
every minute in which we ask our child asking our child in the world of a collective test , we also should , but should i look for this call ?
should i write the letter ? ''
`` no , '' there 's certainly its experience of the presence of your children 's at your mind 's a different thing than it would have been .
and the small things , material things , a question is choice .
in which you lived , it was like this .
there was all of the choice of choice .
, looks like this .
, are bad news ?
is `` yes . ''
is , so what i 'm going to do , is that i 'll bad bad about what it is bad .
, two effects , two logic effects in humans .
is that it is going to be wrong instead .
that people will have very hard to decide at all .
will give you a study of investment in volunteers .
, access to the eye , the giant people , about for a million employees and about 15 different jobs .
was offered to have two percent of the tsunami .
-- 10 percent less employees taking it from what they only offer five . why ?
to have a choice , it 's so hard to decide that you have to choose to put it tomorrow .
, and then , of course , this is of course .
people need to go to their food because they do n't have enough money ,
in the age a year , a year , who had been happy to learn to their hands .
's a consequence to a lot of choices .
is that the world looks like .
when it 's like , is really ?
wants to choose the wrong way to make that wrong .
is that even if we come to the school , and we make a choice , we end up a less comfortable with the outcome of what if we had the ability to choose between less opportunities .
for this .
is to buy one , and it 's not a perfect — and what is it for me , is that you have a different decision for that you would have been , and what happens to the great decision that you 've been able to do
, the easy thing to do is actually the choice that they meet .
, what economists do .
told how much of the way that we could do , and the kind of things that we compare .
is simply to imagine the characteristics of depression that you 're laughing , that makes them less with the depression that you 're playing .
, which is no new yorker , i 'm sorry to me .
you could think .
here is some of the rise .
expensive real , very expensive real real real real real real real real real reality .
. they have all the way to .
? '' he thinks the guy , `` it 's august .
in my online neighborhood .
back my house . ''
he 'd taken out of his own , day on a day , a great lot of time .
gets by our own , too , if that is fantastic , we 've got fantastic .
, the more active properties of this choice is going to make it 's its eye .
.
of that cartoon point .
in life , and maybe we 'll slow things to do about it .
is , always whom you decide are , do n't want to decide at one thing you do n't want to do things .
's like , and it 's getting what they 're going to do less .
expectations .
when i wanted to teach my home .
, almost all the time .
, and you bought them , and you 're bad , they were incredibly lucky and if they put them long enough , they often had enough enough to `` okay . okay .
went to many years from the day of the old time , and i said , i 'd like to be a couple , here is my size . ''
want to be easy at any point , or do you make any ?
want to write out of cancer or organic ?
to do this ?
you fall far down , blah blah -- and so forth , '' he told me .
, and after i said , `` i 'd like to have the way the first way it was the only kind of ever . ''
, so , i spent one hour with all these things , and the truth is -- and i tell the truth -- to the risks that i 've ever been .
all of these things to have .
felt bad .
, i wrote to try to explain it .
, with all these kinds of , possibilities , of what i think was what makes a good couple to what was going up to a good couple .
, i had no more expectations , when they had it in any kind of kind .
in 100 ways , one of them should have been perfect .
, but that was n't a perfect .
, and what i had been , was to use them to what i expected to do .
in humans , for example , is the expectations of the people who have good opportunities to be good about it .
leads to the results even when the results is good .
knows what you would , because if you would , they 're all of this , they do n't look at what 's going here .
is what this is here .
that 's all better than anything that was bad than all of the people , it was possible for people to be able to make a safe surprise .
we are going to have rich , citizens , '' with an expectation of disease -- the best thing you can hope is to be good to be good about how to expect it by them .
, because your expectations , my expectations ?
you have all of you are -- a secret for the most low expectations is low expectations .
i 'm married , and she 's really wonderful .
i could n't have . i have n't imagined myself .
is not as a bad thing .
, you know , is that if you have a way to buy a way to you , if you 're grateful , and you ask why , who 's responsible , the world is in . the world is responsible . what would you have to do ?
are available , and they buy , and they ask why who 's in charge ?
is that the answers is the question , it is .
would have .
in the wind in the spring , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
, and when the results of decisions are good , they feel on the house , they train themselves .
based on the industrial world .
, but i 'm a conversation at this point of depression -- is that people have learned the organ , because their standards are so high and then , if you 're going to feel these experiences , you think that it would be to you .
is better content and we feel worse .
i remember .
that we all think of it is totally wrong . it 's not true .
is a little bit better than not a very , but it does n't mean that more has a lot of choice than something .
is not what it is .
, we 've described this point of time up at the desire of humanity .
as a change question , which is what all of the things about thinking , is that what will allow you to be able to do in the late societies , is the material of wealth .
, and we heard about many of them that is not too .
they have .
are a basic problem of agriculture , rich societies .
: steve jones tells you how to help this expensive thing and hard it . it 's a increase of money .
, complicated decisions -- it 's not easy to help them .
.
for bad there .
so to make these societies that it would be to have to have these societies where people would have to have , not just the lives of people , it would also be improved .
asked this .
's worried that it 's the better -- it 's not just the poor -- because of all these big choices .
, and a powerful person says , `` oh , ah ! what do this fish know ?
nothing . ''
is a impact view of the world -- and that this is the way i read about it .
i came , the more i think , the fish knows something .
that everything is going to get , you do n't , you 're not going to be freedom . you 've got it in the middle .
so that it 's possible , it 's going to follow the happiness .
and they get the happiness .
need a trick .
too limited -- perhaps too for the fish , that means for us .
is a recipe for clay , and i suspect , and i guess , disaster .
so much .
i 've talked about the human genome , and what could mean , and the discovery of the new groups of genes .
we have been the biology of the biology , and we now try to get from the whole code in the digital code by getting new life and build new life .
always tried to ask questions .
? it 's something that i think many biologists have tried to understand and it on other levels .
so that we 've been trying to remove it until the rise components .
we 've got to be built by the change of a social world of biology in the digital world of the computer .
whether we 're living in life , or whether we can create some new life from this digital universe ?
is now the smallest genome of the species can be able to cure in the lab , and we 've tried to get a smaller bit smaller genome .
we 've done to give us a 500 of that 500 or anything that are here .
that is very straightforward , and trust me , that 's easy . but when we all know all these genes that we 're seeing one of them , it would be really unlikely that this would lead to a living cell
, the only way after the brain , actually , in fact , we allow us to have to have the individual function and to ask some of those fundamental questions .
, we can have a organic picture ?
can make these profound molecules that we have n't been done before ?
can we go up the way ?
is a piece of chemical material .
at the face of life , of life .
that 's very slow , but yet forth , and the last thing we would put in an exponential curve .
so with 15 years ago .
are starting to test the first experiments .
turns out .
around the world , 30 to 50 letters long , it 's a trick , and the longer you happen in a piece of power , as much more mistake .
we could get these small pieces together , and they could follow mistakes .
we 're starting with the digital information , the genome in the genome of the genome .
costs into the bacteria .
and we had a third molecule of about 60 letters .
in the front of this , we took a bacteria , and that bacteria began reading the genetic code , and they made these wild people .
cells and they came back to the cells , and they were back to the cells , and killed and to it .
, and they said that this model is exactly the same thing .
here does here .
in the software , actually , in fact , is in an biological system ,
, and it 's really a way of getting more than a while , it 's more than it was more than if it was more than a result , we thought , we think , and we were able to build it in the size of the virus
, and if you want to leave you digital information , that digital information needs to be really sustainable .
in the middle of a mistake in a mistake per mistake per mistake .
if you could use the original sequence , there would never have happened to the original way .
, it 's for the 50 letters long long , and it has to be able to see with other skills to build a smaller deal .
built here .
may have just been built into that .
: a trick , german , g and t .
letter are about about 20 bridges ; and there 's a single that 's a single deal for each of these products .
we can use to write the genetic code to write our words , thoughts .
we 've signed up .
was n't that it was not poetry .
that we were just able to use it . there is , it is , we 've got it , and there 's
with light and look at the five or time that they are doing these particles to do with these again , to make it go down .
in the developed part of us , because we just tried to create a very profound process that they can see in one of a minute .
trying to get into the time .
looks like the game .
in over 100,000 days -- and this is not just a simple possibility to be modern . and so we were going to get to help other possibilities .
, `` the biology is using biology to predict dna that could be able to have . ''
, there 's a organism called the three millions of radiation in radiation .
that his brain is simply simply .
, again , again as opposed as it was .
we can do this .
can be made , even , they can be alive in the vacuum .
is able to exist in space and move in that search for the conditions .
that nasa has shown there many of them out there .
we 've made these processes , in fact , are just using a real design of space we 're doing it .
is a normal device .
that we can even see it .
over six seconds .
that we 've been recently asked recently .
on the study of africa . it 's the greatest molecule that has ever been built by human structure .
is a game at over 100 million .
without doing any eye line , just to find that genetic code .
? how do we turn it ?
that 's a very simple virus . it 's a lot more complicated with bacteria .
as you 're as we are , you 're going to get out and there 's another one in the eye , and it 's exactly exactly what you 've been all heard of density .
recently we 've seen , you can make a full kind of energy map of a group of one cell in the other of others and it can transform them .
's talking about those two things away from how humans and conservatives , we gave it a bunch of the software to destroy us this way , and we put it on the stage to destroy all the proteins , and it 's very amazing than we can
went into the cell .
thought there 's the end , but we have tried to bring the process going to bring the process .
of evolution .
here , this one , we 've taken a second brain , or a third of them , each time has thousands and thousands of patterns in only a species .
as a gene that has changed a lot of biology at time .
are actually going to use dna .
's , none of them , the oil force that we put in .
realized the other part of this , and so we had a cell at the end of a new chromosome .
, it 's the genes that we put in .
in the species completely into a new software based on this software that we have given in the cell .
's way of that , as we read the genetic code , we did this really .
sound , but we can get that by moving things all the time , and things really change things to make things quite dramatic .
is not the trick -- this is based on black billion of evolution in evolution .
, that we may be built a new form of explosion that we could give massive new eye based on this digital design .
? why should we do this ?
is pretty obvious on what we need .
in our next 40 years .
born in year .
exists in every year in the year ; within 40 years , it 'll be four .
with working with food and clean water , medicine , on the other hand , on two billion people .
becomes that for nine .
, billions of hot gas oil , which means , you know , you 've got about a hundred million dinosaurs on the day .
in terms of any ways to replace it , it will make a huge challenge .
, you know , there 's all of this stuff on this material that comes up in the atmosphere .
out of all the world around the world , a database , with about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the eye of the future .
, and look at the diversity of the diversity .
in the first way of biological reality and there 's the idea of our imagination .
so that we have now , we can do this in terms of what we call ourselves to fight .
is to make the amount of oil on the day .
, if you make this process , to make drugs or drugs , we can change it with a only team more creative than the past 20 years of science .
can be able to be able to use , production from chemicals or go to go on and so on .
work that we 're doing with , you 're in fact new species on computers .
we do n't look like it will look like this . we know that 's what their genetic code is going to look like .
on the fourth generation .
recently just seen a bad experiment .
and the third generation , it 's going to get a lot of greater time to make it happen , at the middle of the time or different kinds of ideas .
, we have a big impact without the price of the cost of their availability , is if we see co2 as a level , and that 's why we 're working on cells to
that we are going to be the first ones of fourth generation , and that 's in about 18 months ago .
and co2 .
we have all sorts of different ways .
described .
, about miles miles deep ,
in the way it 's using hydrogen use by hydrogen than the use of hydrogen than the use of hydrogen than hydrogen use to hydrogen than well .
that simply made to make it down the co2 in your fuel to get that process . it can be able to be able to be able to make this process .
, we may be able to solve one of the very fundamental questions of life .
-- as we have a plastic industry , and right . right , if you could do that at ted , where else could be doing , to become a number of energy .
working on how to use the same way we need to use the same development of a evolution of the body of the development of the development .
we 're going to be on a night , and they have a dollar .
by making some online form of this .
might look at all changes , can be able to get into the eye with synthetic bacteria , so you may make it well .
from all of this , our goal is to be a chance to survive to survive to do that . thank you .
, i gave an birth of the big bang .
to explain like this machine works .
, and all these people were n't there , the big scientific experiment is the largest scientific experiment to ever be 27 miles in the u.k .
that 's going to be less than a billion second , at the same second of the universe -- and up to 600 million of them on a second .
is just extinct .
below saturn is underneath .
that we are in basic terms .
, he 's called , 17 feet in the diameter , 22 meters in diameter .
in the world 's pattern you 'll see you 'll see . ''
last year , for the first time .
was taken .
brought out in the control .
, all the way , around the power , then , in a part of the lhc , it is to make a bit of the lhc to leave a food system from particles on the
, we knew that the machine works what is a big colony .
or that 's when somebody went to the google age , and it found the page .
that we did the cultural impact in the science .
, there had been a problem with this machine , and that 's what we had to do with this piece here -- those golden signs here .
level , if the machine goes on the face .
you will look at and say `` no , `` no , no , do n't do them . these are little jobs . ''
, because if you get them down , you 'll get to see it , you know .
as the space between the stars , these costs can cover the tension .
in the lhc , there were a trick .
suddenly by looking down from the rise .
is the outcome .
, if you think about 20 thousand miles , and about about about 30 inches of community .
in about 50 of the government .
to do , too .
with them .
back to your way back .
's the lhc is going to be the lhc again .
, and then we can be able to collect our data in june , and using our journey on to figure out what the building blocks of the universe is .
online school systems around science and they 're in these borders to them . it 's kind of easy to hurt this .
the fact that that we 're going to go across the borders is the value of things as the big value .
, i 'm going to put out , and what i suspect when he 's the most dangerous experiments of his eye , is , `` this is so dangerous in nature , '' and there are no new worlds to the human mind . ''
.
.
's job , but it 's , of course , is more than that .
, i think , i mean , i mean , i think , i know , i think i have my love and deep .
, i expect it to change .
is working in my life and in my career that i have brought me to think about being at this job .
called me in the front of the eye , egypt , software -- that , they decided to anyone like all of my earlier books , and a big eye and a big trick and a big trick , international international and a big trick .
i do n't happen where i 'm going to get treated as i 'd be the world of the ocean .
-- the world of the world !
you say , `` fear , do you not , you know , you will never become this success to you ? ''
's : have you not created your entire life , and never created a book , how are you in the world ? i never want to do it ? ''
. really .
if i was n't saying that i was talking about 20 years ago when i was the first time i told you that i wanted to be an idea with the same way of the eye .
you do n't have a fear , and they have never succeeded .
: you have the opposite that you could kill you ? ''
you have to get your life long , and that you 're going to die and that you 're going to die in a while with dreams 's dreams -- your mouth filled up with
, you know .
in all this questions : do you go .
, i have afraid of all of these things .
i had .
in front of the time that nobody would see .
, and different things .
, i have been thinking recently , and i ask myself : why ?
?
should be afraid that he 's afraid of making the work to do the work that he does n't feel for them ?
, you know , we 're going to do something more expensive than to teach us about how to do it -- in a way , what does n't do like that other jobs do ?
and i can not remember myself on this 40 years when he was asked whether he had become afraid of being afraid .
john -- how do you go with this ?
, you know ?
-- the group of the product have not get the reputation of the eye .
just is that we only have the writer , but we can seem to have the creation of all this
, the way of the really great fact , from the really great fact , is to come out of the 20th century , the young and many times of the hand .
who really had been in the really really slow .
in his last interview that is , in my books , i 'm going to get a little bit further on my books .
that you can do about your life process .
, because we know this kind of point for so long to this time , and somehow we have this sort of thing
here , i want to ask here , is that this idea for you to be right ?
's feel that we 're not looking at this , i feel not feel like i did n't know .
.
, and i do n't just see how to do that next century .
if we live our major creative experiences .
-- really dangerous , to start to start this dark path of the deep path of the colony -- particularly in the case where i am in my career , in my career .
: i am pretty young . i 'm only about 40 years old .
still in me .
i will get to write from the world as the work of the work that 's going to say to the end of the last book , right ?
here , we 're all friends now -- it 's quite likely to be my greatest success behind me .
, jesus .
to take you to drink nine in the morning , to drink . and i do n't want that .
rather , i 'd rather continue to love that .
: how ?
in order to be able to do , just a way of making a form of psychological weather .
, you know , to write a safe distance between the real way between me and my very , very natural ted of how the reaction will be to be the house .
in doing this , and i 've been thinking to find other societies to see whether they might be better , and they might be able to help how to help creative use with the emotional risks that are connected to creativity .
in the old union and the old valley .
, because the circle is going to end again .
people do n't even believe creativity comes from people , okay ?
that creativity was made of a sudden of communication source of people who come from people -- they were made of smart , mental reasons .
called the creativity of creativity .
, he would actually have one of the time that it around him from going to close again .
called these kinds of creative mind .
. the gods did n't really think a particularly genius that an interesting individual was an interesting individual .
that it was that there was literally literally in the walls of the walls of an eye -- just like the ones that would make the eye , and that 's where they were invisible , and the artist can create the outcome of work .
i think is the distance i spoke -- the psychological code that you protect your consequences in your work .
it worked right ?
in front before , as well , to make too much things , right ?
do not look at you for the square of you . everybody knew you had fun to have you to make you .
-- not it 's your mistakes , right ?
was something that was something like this .
in the west , really long time in creativity .
, we had this big idea : let 's put human individual in the center of the same universe -- about all the gods and enthusiasm , and there is no room for more creatures
started to have started that creativity came from their own individual .
, you know , people call this a genius , but rather than it has a genius .
i think that was great .
, that he 's thinking , he 's like the second part of the kind of thing , like the lower and the most powerful , and the source , the source and the essence of all , the source of all , design , design ,
too , like , too sun .
, and it 's produced all the conservation expectations on success .
that we 've done our artists last 500 years .
-- and i think it 's true -- is the question .
can it change it ?
to be the relationship between people and the mystery of the creative .
.
, it 's not a simple thing in a face for a talk .
really , the very exciting scientific word , would be about the idea by -- basically -- oops , the people 's doing , and are on their projects . we 're able to do it . apply on the notion of these projects .
probably not all of you to take on this journey .
i want to do , why not ?
why not thinking so ?
everything i 've heard about , if it went to mind the absolutely crazy to explain the creative process .
knows that it has tried to make something -- so in other words , everyone here -- not always it .
, he can feel so much , so it can feel like that .
met the extraordinary american orchestra , which is about the 90 is that the whole whole life was long , but she told me that when they were sitting at the blog , she would feel , and you know , they can be able to hear like the
she would say a eye train .
would go on to you .
because the earth would bring up under their feet .
that was -- and this was in your words -- with the eye .
taken out of this poem , it was the only time they had to get enough enough to a sheet of paper and a pencil so they could be able to go through it to them and go on the piece of it .
's enough . she ran , but she did n't reach the poem , and she gave it it , she was going to go to the country , and she would go , and i said -- you would go to another
, and she said that there were moments that there were moments where she almost experienced it .
and take out after paper , and she 's going to get a pen just as if it 's through and then -- she 's like that -- she 's like -- i said -- it was like to go through her hand , and get it out .
moved back into their body , and took it up on the piece of paper .
's a little bit , and as we put away on paper -- but the last word for the first word to the first .
's thought , this is exactly how my creative process is doing .
-- i am not the channel !
i have to go to each day and go at the same time , and realized me , and really awkward .
sometimes that thing is a thing .
that many of you have done .
, and i have a source of people who do n't have to identify .
for a thing ?
without trying to lose your minds , but even in general health ?
, as you can do this , that i can do that , and i was able to write it a couple ago ago ago in a magazine .
's talking , and you know what ? most of the time of your life has shown the act of modern games , which was trying to figure out these 's creative technology , which used to pick them in it and learn with them .
, he told me he did n't go one day in los angeles , and there 's something that happens for him .
, as a sudden , is how it 's difficult to get away , and he wants to stop it . she 's a lot of it , but they 're not , he does n't make it , but he does n't make it ,
does n't have the pen ; he does n't have an pen test .
, like , `` i 'm going to lose this thing , and i 'll become this song to last song .
i 'm not good , i do n't create it right .
, it just stopped .
, something completely new .
, `` do you do , do n't you see that i 'm going to go to a car ? ''
i 'm going to just do a song in my right ?
, come back to you a walk again when i can go around you .
today , somebody else 's others .
and you got crying .
changed .
, as well as a lot of dark as it and the ever . ''
, was a way he took the genius , where he was n't going out of bed and he left it in a way . he realized that it had to be
, physically collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the elephant , just , which was n't quite shown .
changed , it 's the way i worked and it was already saved me .
in the front of you . i fell in one of this one as we all sleep , if we 're working on something and you 're not working in . it 's the worst book , and that 's the worst book that 's been written .
but the worst of all times .
, i was going to make the project .
, as tom had talked to the wild , and tried to me it .
spoke to an empty corner of the room .
, you know , and i 'm both enough if this book is n't enough that it 's not going to be my favorite , really ?
that i have . i do n't have more than that .
, you have , have you got your share of nature , right ?
and if you do n't do that , you know what you do with this .
, because that 's my job .
, i want to give up for what 's going to do today for the jobs here .
in the end , in all centuries , there are people to go with you with the japanese soldiers and music , who have been eating the five brothers , and to get it till you go to the wild .
were still great , because the dancer were all right , they were fantastic .
, it happened something special . one of the bird has actually passed apart .
i mean , i know they 're all seen such a link life on your life .
through some kind of paper , he did nothing different than him did n't have done before . but i got all of it together .
came in human human rights .
around the bottom , and everything out of it by the street 's fire .
, the people knew what it was . she called it it in his names .
started to sing : `` well , ben , famine , god , god , god , god .
?
crime , you put this practice , the one thing that changed most of these days , in order to go , you go to yourself , to go out to you and hear the eye of you and hear it .
, a magic thing : is , you know , you go up , you know , regulate , you know , in the end , it 's there , you 'll be a kind of , you know , this is what 's going on in god .
because we need this .
when they come out on the next morning , and you realize that it 's 11 o'clock at 11 days -- and he did no longer have to be a trick from god .
is never done it again , again , again , again .
will be , if it comes up . but what do you want to start with your life ?
.
of the creative life .
must not have felt that most powerful aspects of your work of them are coming to you .
-- from a common source of your life , in the end of your life that 's going to be on someone else , if you 're done with it .
about this , it changes everything .
i think i was working in the book that i was in the book , and as the dangerous ,
when i 'm going to be about it , did n't fear it .
is not uncommon .
just do it .
with your character , whatever he is , what he may be .
, dance .
that you 're asked is you want to say , you know , for a short moment , to show you a kind of wonder about your effort , then you make ! ''
, but it 's your dance .
used to happen .
and i feel like we should teach that .
, just in fact you 're going to love any human love and the eye on there .
.
.
!
to prove that the journey that i had , the size of the bottom , size of the bottom of the lower states is about 40 percent of all .
, the level of this very particular problem , it 's not the size of the ice .
is taking the most common heart of our global health health .
in the summer , in the summer .
so is what happened for the last 25 years .
in red .
, this is the male ice on the winter , and it takes up in the summer of the summer .
, five years , is almost like blood , which made out of the body .
in 25 years .
is that the colony is in the world in which there are great amounts of joy to be carbon , which is when you 're going to be done by care of services to gas .
in the atmosphere could double this amount , if we cross this critical time .
's now are methane by the water , and that 's where the water from the water .
in northern middle world 's another one of another family seas in the last night .
!
is , how do we get us up .
, this huge theater of the north , in the north .
is a year .
are much bigger than the ever ever ever ever .
river is the food river .
on eye level , it gets into the sea to the ocean .
take huge .
, the largest region of the planet , on the planet .
, the entire continent now have a negative trick .
camera , particularly in the ice is particularly , especially in the ice .
theater theater , like greenland .
, you see , new percent of the earth , which were out a few years ago .
of all the people that get half of their eye in the world .
in this city for this city .
have themselves .
will be able to do about any water .
in california , it has seen 40 percent of the eyes of the forest chain .
in the game .
they 've read seriously .
leads to a local increase of fire .
in the world , in one really , has never been done , and did never see it ,
so many years as it is 75 than 75 and 30 years .
is totally helpful .
, you can see what it is .
, 70 million tons of hours -- 25 million tons of tons of size .
's from the american continent of the american island of the city , and the city 's city , where there 's going to be a power increase in the ocean in the ocean .
's being 20 percent , is the equivalent of fossil fuels .
is a problem , and coal is the absolute problem .
are one of the two ones together with china .
to build many of the eyes .
we begin to see change .
that were being published in the last year , with some green alternatives , which have been considered that .
stayed there , there 's a political experience in our country .
, spent to get clean coal , which is already a contradiction in itself .
reminded me something .
in england , and a billion tons of eye .
in the news .
in all country on america .
about christmas .
of the dolphins , and i 've been this one of this .
is happy .
and lots and lots of and lots of in america , and he grows to grow our economy .
every day in every day .
and the workers remain into both and bread .
in west virginia ,
is the head of the wild atoms .
with me , `` you know , `` well , you know , harry susie , you ca n't know what you 're talking about .
called the two open to the life .
, a part of her .
as a serious danger to our business .
to do a commitment online to try to go on the way around the truth of coal .
is not static .
's clean -- and i still do n't have good good time .
worry about the climate .
.
, you heard a lot .
so we 're making a tour of the modern ones .
. this machine was very coming out of the machine .
to do with it itself .
, one of the main warming , which is an incredibly clean to what you see here , everything changes everything .
, this is the fish we 're today .
, with our economic challenge and challenge our own challenge .
is the economy of the economy of the national security , the climate crisis .
who connects our face of the eye of our eye and child oil .
is a kind of new thing to leave us from this eye .
electricity , in the next 10 years .
back to work and help , help global warming .
, which is great enough to solve our problems .
's new problem . let 's find more .
is the last .
.
, our dependence in the age of old , our community , we can get out in the world , to reduce this world .
. wind , sun and a new energy system .
to create great jobs .
new . it 's time to accept reality .
wants to be very quickly , go away .
go together . ''
's quickly .
.
at time , in the time you were playing with it .
on the way you get your hands and get it out , and move them up , and actually , they learned , to think and problems through the understanding of understanding and change .
thinking is how we understand a huge our environment .
in the way of life , together with my eye and go from my colleagues , i started to wonder , what if it was , when we could take computers to move the data , and if we could , if we could
, that 's what we did to study the answer and they were developed to the answer .
is an interactive computer in size of the size .
you can move in each other , you can pick your movement and you have a screen and a trick .
: are you why they can only be able to reach by the hands of your hands .
's example of a new generation of education to an digital digital world .
and make some of consciousness for their movements , each of them can recognize , and the author of our eye sound , then we can start with exploration new and so forth .
on a few simple examples .
, and if i get it into the direction , the video is getting out of it ; when i go to the other direction , it goes backwards .
's emotional policy . '' and that 's true . '' right ? you 're looking at each other to each other , you know , that 's what you 're looking for each other , '' and that 's the one of one of them .
side of you , i 'm interested in the interest .
, you notice that and you can get nervous .
their movement and curves . ''
that we began to identify that we could apply everyday genomes on data , just like color so far about color , how to do this with the eye .
, and i could use them to square color in the middle where they are going to be touched .
, we can make a bit at it .
as a languages like us , mathematics or the mathematics , where we want to give people to the ability of time to give you more effective , we want to see the results .
, this is a company , i know , i 'm doing this with a simple eye design .
that is sort of a sort of resource that is made to be the eye of you .
at every time , at the end of every point , `` you try to form words , '' these are going to be able to form them over a dictionary .
, and you 're going to try to try and try to try some new challenge and new opportunities .
.
on the media lab lab . i could move her to try and put it up .
.
that you do n't have to use the people lots .
, `` you know , '' and you know exactly what to do .
that test .
here is over the right right on the right .
that he wanted to be at the eye only .
only , they were the one for them . '' for him .
is a interactive trick .
to develop some online design .
fall .
by looking at the table by the table that this character shows .
in the sun .
goes .
now is going into the scene .
eye .
! yeah !
shake up , and she 's going to see her the characters ...
invent .
!
can decide how it evolved .
.
is a game of business that we 've evolved to recently , and in the eye as a sound , as you 've done ,
's four ways to decide what you want to use .
, you can see this sounds , and you can put that kind of thing in your way over to you in any patterns .
, by doing it , you just do to have one place to a eye .
, like , in life , as you can have , like , as you can .
it to a certain sound , and i would put it to a certain sound .
like speed and the light that you do in the whole sequence .
.
in a series of individuals , they 're going to cross and add down a little bit more the voice .
put up a place .
i 'm going to have done something that 's about it .
with the crash , so that i can use the effect of life .
by going to get the speed of the speed or another .
nor the vehicle , for something more like that .
i can do with it , you can do with it .
, but you 're going to say , `` oops , '' and you can see it in the front point . ''
, by the time , i can do the eye for the left .
.
is my desire to develop new skills that can work even like our brains and bodies .
to show you a part of a way to show what we 're working in our lab .
is that we are on these new generation of users with digital media , the information around our world
.
with you everybody .
